EZP-32192: Added note about not serializing (#1821)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/php_api/php_api.md

For instance, `ContentInfo` contains `currentVersionNo` or `remoteId`,
while `Content` enables you to retrieve Fields, Content Type, or previous versions.

!!! note

>     From v3.0 the Public API value objects should not be serialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Public API value objects should not be serialized.
```
All the versions you'll be merging this to are > 3.0, so you can drop naming the version (only 3.3+ are in maintenance anyway)

Author: It was added per Adam's request.

Reviewer: @adamwojs our policy for doc is that we document the current version only, without referring to "since"s or "until"s, unless it's release notes or upgrade guides.

>     Serialization of value objects, for example, `Ibexa\Publish\API\Repository\Values\Content\ContentInfo` /  `Ibexa\Publish\API\Repository\Values\Content\VersionInfo` 
>     or `Ibexa\Publish\API\Repository\Values\Content\Location` results in memory limit exceeded error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Serialization of value objects, for example, `Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Repository\Values\Content\ContentInfo` /  `Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Repository\Values\Content\VersionInfo` 
    or `Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Repository\Values\Content\Location` results in memory limit exceeded error.
```
